Add how-to page to backup and restore Keycloak (#95)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/use-built-in-db.adoc

----

. Compile and push the cluster catalog

== Enable Backups

The component supports backups for the built-in database through https://k8up.io/[K8up].
The following steps show how to enable them.

[NOTE]
====
To use this backup feature, the https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up[component-backup-k8up] needs to be installed on the cluster.
====

. Enable backups in component parameters
+
[source,yaml]
----
keycloak:
  k8up:
    enabled: true
----

. Generate and store repository secret in Vault
+
[source,bash]
----
key="clusters/kv/${TENANT_ID}/${CLUSTER_ID}/keycloak"

vault kv put -cas=0 "${key}" k8up-repo-password=$(pwgen -s 32 1)
----

. Get the access and secret key of your S3 provider and store them in Vault
+
[source,bash]
----
s3_access_key=YOUR_ACCESS_KEY
s3_secret_key=YOUR_SECRET_KEY
key="clusters/kv/${TENANT_ID}/${CLUSTER_ID}/keycloak"

vault kv put -cas=0 "${key}" k8up-s3-accesskey=${s3_access_key} k8up-s3-secretkey=${s3_secret_key}
----
+
[TIP]
====

> On most clusters you should be able to reuse the global backup credentials setup during cluster creation.

Author: ```suggestion
On most clusters you should be able to reuse the global backup credentials set up during cluster creation.
```
